Serter I.
Details
0405 636 970
serteriyigunlu@hotmail.com
Links
Linkedin
GitHub
Tech Skills
Software Engineering
Writing
Microsoft Excel
Event Management Software
User Experience (UX) Design
Software Design Patterns
Node.js (Javascript Library)
MongoDB
Full Stack Development
Application Programming 
Interface (API)
React.js (Javascript Library)
Profile
Pro,cient in various platforms  languages  and embedded systems. Experienced with 
the latest cutting edge development tools and procedures. - Able to effectively 
selfKmanage during independent projects  as well as collaborate as part of a productive 
team. •nowledgeable in user interface  testing  and debugging processes. Bringing 
forth expertise in design  installation  testing and maintenance of web systems.-
Projects
MERN  Recipe App, Brisbane
TYhis projects is a recipe app .
TOou can log in the site to see and add recipes.
TOou can delete add  change your recipes after logKin.
TOou can write comments on others recipes after log Kin.
TBuilt in MERN.
Tavel Log Full Stack Application
TQur Yravelog app is a dynamic platform designed to bring travelers and explorers 
together by allowing them to share their travel experiences.
TIts core purpose is to create a community of passionate travelers and to build a 
comprehensive database of travel experiences.
TMERN stack MongoDB  a NoSCL database Express.js streamlines serverKside 
coding  and Node.js provides a robust environment for serverKside JavaScript 
execution  which should mean our app is both fast and scalable. Furthermore  
React.js  known for its componentKbased architecture and ef,cient rendering 
which will allow us to create a userKfriendly  ef,cient interface that helps users 
enjoy a positive user experience.
Guess Number Game
TYhis project is a game about guessing 4 digits number.
T'omputer generates 4 digits number (First digit can not be 0 and all digits are 
different)  and the user try1s to guess the number.
TEg. computer chose 2+34 and you guessed 2456  output would be —2  K2 because 
you did guess correct two digits but one of them is in the correct position and the 
other is not.
TBuilt with Python.
Inventory Tracker
TYhis project was about creating an inventory list.
TBuilt with JavaScript and React.
Rental Management
TYhis project was about rental managament. It relies on data management only.
TUsers can provide feedback or enter complaints about any rental place that they 
have lived.
TBuilt with PostgeSCL and Flask.
Employment History
Softaware Developer (Junior), Self-Employed, Brisbane
Q ' YQ B E R   + 0 + +   z   P R E S E N Y
TBuilt website interfaces with HYML  'SS and Javascript.